well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
the Great Fire of London in 1666 so what
happened a short version
there was a bake house near pudding Lane
the the story is that it was on pudding
Lane it wasn't it was just off of it
this yard little cove called fish yard
spark fell into some fuel it's really
that simple near in a nearby building
there was pitch everything around it was
kindling to begin with was all wood
thatched roof was a little windy the
claim is that only six to eight people
died during the fire now that's six to
eight important people who had their
names recorded with no idea how many
people actually died because they keep
records of the unimportant people a
third of London was destroyed 60 to
100,000 people rendered homeless fire
raged for days people had to flee some
of them just went outside the city gates
others became refugees went to other
cities there were so many that an edict
had to be put out saying you have to
take him let him come in and do their
jobs work in their trade was a disaster
rebuilding didn't go the way it could
have had to been a little bit of
planning why did it happen there were
warnings there were warnings tons of
them the fact that if a fire started
that it would spread through the whole
city was completely known in fact so
well known that there were plots by
people to do it and those plots had been
disrupted so the establishment was aware
of the problem they really were and they
had little things to make you feel
better they had the equivalent of fire
engines but some of them didn't have
wills they couldn't get them to where
they were needed there weren't enough of
them they were just there for peace of
mind and small problems
there was no infrastructure there was no
infrastructure there are no fire breaks
for example breaks between buildings to
stop the fire from spreading didn't
happen they didn't have them they knew
this was an issue but they didn't have
them because people didn't want to tear
down their buildings and lose their land
because that would interrupt their
profits make sense even during the fire
when those fighting the fire says you
know we can tear down these buildings
and stop it from spreading no I didn't
want to do that initially didn't want to
do that initially it had to get real bad
before the establishment let it
interfere with their profits no access
to the river a bunch of stuff a bunch of
problems all that could have been fixed
and all that were widely known the
problem is that nobody believed it not
enough to interfere with their profits
not enough to make the changes because
it was too expensive all they needed was
infrastructure by the time they admitted
they needed it I was too late I was too
late
1/3 gone
man if that is not perfect foreshadowing
for today's climate problem right
rich ignoring it for the sake of profits
people denying it when anybody who looks
into it can see that it's very evident
all it takes is infrastructure and
planning but that costs money we don't
want to waste money on something wasn't
a matter if it was a matter of when just
like this and at the end of the day when
it happens well there'll be a few six or
eight important people that have a
problem but they'll be fine it'll be the
poor those people with no power those
will be the people that suffer the most
I have a challenge for those people that
dismiss dismiss this crisis take your
arguments against it your go-to
arguments type it into Google followed
by the word debunked and just read
there's not a single argument put forth
by the side that denies this exists that
hasn't been completely destroyed
it's funny Americans are the way we are
we disbelieve a lot of things when it
comes from authorities when it comes
from large corporations especially oil
companies but for some reason this
particular issue yes every scientist
journalists environmentalists
climatology everybody in the world is
lying to you except for the oil
companies and the politicians they pay
anyway it's just a thought now have a
good day